BT-690 Add release notes for Cromwell 82 (#6806)
broadinstitute/cromwell: CHANGELOG.md

# Cromwell Change Log

## 82 Release Notes

 * Restored missing example configuration file

>  * Upgraded to latest version of googleCloudNioV (0.124.8)

Reviewer: I absolutely am responsible for the proliferation of this after having it in my PR title, but `googleCloudNioV` is our own internal variable name while the library is really called Google Cloud Storage NIO

```suggestion
 * Upgraded to latest version of the Google Cloud Storage NIO library (0.124.8)
```

Author: Thank you!
